# Budget
Don't edit this - the RPPR generator populates this section

# Research Design
**EXAMPLE FROM SCITS:**
Finding resources of translational relevancy across the CTSA program. This platform aims to reveal and connect expertise, services, educational resources, datasets, software tools, and other translational artifacts.
# Methodology
**EXAMPLE FROM SCITS:** 
Organizations expend substantial effort maintaining local databases of effectively the same data - people, publications, grants, etc. and the challenge of scholar disambiguation and longitudinal data collection and tracking remains unsolved. The Science of translational science platform performs large-scale data integration from a large variety of sources using both structured and unstructured information. These data elements are indexed using semantic technologies for querying and discovery. A user interface will allow querying and exploration. Finally, widgets will be built to deliver context-specific content to CTSA hubs, CLIC Forums, the Compeititions review software, etc.

A shared data environment in the form of a warehouse of research data was strongly endorsed by participants in the most recent PEA Community meeting. Collaborative population and maintenance of common data would reduce local hub effort, improve data quality, and serve as an exemplar of collaborative activity for the CTSA program and NIH programs overall. Substantial effort has been spent on this topic by hubs establishing priorities and developing manual and semi-automated processes which can help to guide efforts toward automation.

The 4DM Project (Drug Discovery, Development and Deployment Map) created by NCATS has generated substantial interest in understanding the interdependencies of translational research and the entities involved. The 4DM prototype will be extended to incorporate relevant backing data from the data warehouse to display when selecting a vertex in the visualization graph. Ultimately, we can leverage these data for a variety of purposes at hubs, including workflows for improved data quality, process efficiency, automation, benchmarking, etc.

We will use the Science of Translational Science Platform to demonstrate addressing the common CTSA need of longitudinal scholar data tracking and reporting.
# Expected Outcomes
**EXAMPLE FROM SCITS:**
The primary outcomes for this project are:
* a warehouse integrating the spectrum of expertise and services described above, and
* a suite of services that hubs and others (e.g. CLIC) can interrogate and/or embed into their local information environments.
# Timeline (monthly)
**EXAMPLE FROM SCITS:**
* 6/1 - Version 1 of the SciTS warehouse, including connectivity via JDBC and GraphQL interfaces, and content including CD2H resources/status, NIH FOAs, ClinicalTrials.gov personnel/expertise, REDCap instrument libraries, CTSA-relevant GitHub repositories/personnel/expertise
* 6/1 - Integration of the data generated by the WashU CDEK regarding disambiguated organizations, molecules, etc. from ClinicalTrials.gov into SciTS warehouse
* 6/1 - Landscape analysis of scholar reporting best practices
* 8/1 - Deployment of a set of researcher disambiguation services using tools from Harvard, Weill Cornell and Iowa linking hubs and their investigators to publications and grants
* 9/1 - Full expansion to semantic search within 4DM (via UMLS CUIs) with the CD2H faceted search engine
* 9/20 - Scholar tracking uidebook, dashboard, use cases
* 1/1 - Deployment of CTSA hub service catalog in the CD2H faceted search engine
* 1/1 - Coverage of CTSA hub web content harvesting to include partner organizations
* 1/1 -  v. 2.0 of warehouse deployed (incl. Hub service catalog and expanded set of widgets)

# Potential Pitfalls and Alternative Strategies
**EXAMPLE FROM SCITS:**
A substantial number of external sources are already being regularly harvested and integrated into SciTS: educational resources (DIAMOND, N-Lighten, BD2K GitHub repositories), data repositories (e.g., DataCite), GitHub repositories, etc. - significantly reducing the overall risk to success in populating SciTS. Key outstanding potential challenges include:
* successful harmonization of educational resources, simplifying the current diversity of their descriptions,
* formulation of an effective descriptive framework for services provided by CTSA hubs, and
* significant services adoption by the hubs and other organizations.

The first two involve primarily modeling and alignment with and by external teams.  We have been in continued consultation with the education platform teams and the SPARC team at MUSC to ensure our work aligns well with their plans. The last one is more demonstrating utility to the population of hubs.  We have already received strong interest from various hubs for particular services - e.g. from Medical College of Wisconsin for a service listing open funding opportunities relevant to their investigator profiles and from Wisconsin-Madison for a service listing W-M personnel active on CD2H projects.  We will continue to recruit suggestions from hubs for services seen as high value to their local environment.
